I heard Eren's voice!
My name is Eren Jaeger.
I'm using the Founding Titan's power
to address all Subjects of Ymir.
I've undone the hardening
of Paradis Island's walls
and the Titans buried within
have begun their march.
My goal is to protect the people
of Paradis Island--the place I was born.
However, the world wants to exterminate
my people--and not just on the island.
They will not stop until every last
Subject of Ymir is dead.
I refuse to let them.
The Wall Titans will trample every inch
of the world beyond this island
until every last life beyond
our shores is wiped out.
"Thaw"
What was that strange place?
Are you all right, Mr. Leonhart?
Yeah... Did you hear that?
The Titans are leaving
that island to come kill us.
Falco!
Falco! Where are you?! Where'd you go?!
The first Titan transformation knocks
you out and impacts your memories.
He was taken.
By who?! Why?!
Probably Jean and Conny.
They wouldn't overlook
a life as valuable as Falco's.
Being one of the Nine Titans,
he's too important to--
Reiner! Did you use all your power?!
Yeah. My armor came undone somehow
and a piece of the wall hit me real good.
I couldn't stop it.
Huh?
Eren... will destroy the world.
In the south... there're escape airships.
Go find Pieck or our soldiers...
and escape.
You have to hurry... and tell Marley.
No, the world.
What will telling them do?
Where's there to run?
My Mom, Dad, Aunt Karina...
Won't everyone die?
Yes.
We've gotta kill Eren and stop him!
We can't.
The Founding Titan can make all Titans
and Subjects of Ymir obey its will.
No one can stop him now.
We can't do anything but run.
Reiner...
Like hell I'm giving up!
I'm coming for you, Falco.
It's over.
I never thought he'd slaughter
everyone beyond the walls.
Once they die off, so will all the hate.
Everyone who threatened our
existence will be flattened,
leaving nothing but empty plains.
What the world feared more
than anything has happened.
All because they labeled us devils
and tried to slaughter us.
In other words, this is something
they brought upon themselves.
There was nothing we could do, right?
But... this is... going too far.
It's genocide of unprecedented scale.
Then... do we stop him? Stop Eren?
Eren opposed Zeke, who wanted to
castrate us with his euthanization plan.
He opposed preserving the
Founding Titan by sacrificing Historia.
Basically, Eren... He's sacrificing
humanity outside the walls to protect us.
'Cuz there's only one group that
benefits from mass genocide--us.
Because you're important to me.
More than anyone else.
That was...!
The Titans are fighting soldiers?!
Did they eat the whole Marleyan army?!
But why?! If Eren commands the
Founder, can't he control every Titan?!
Well, they're eating our guys!
Let's help!
Wait, Jean! What about the kid?
He probably inherited the Jaw Titan.
We can't just leave him here.
But if we feed him to a Titan,
we could save someone.
For example, Commander Pyxis--
No.
My mom. We feed him
to my mom in Ragako.
All right?
Conny, Jean... According to Zeke,
that kid's a Warrior candidate
and he's like their little brother.
If we kill someone close to Reiner and
the Cart, it'll only cause more conflict.
There's no point in continuing the
bloodshed once Marley has fallen, so--
You're saying my mom doesn't matter?
That's not what I--
Do you have any idea what it's been like
to see my mom like that every time?!
You're only here 'cuz
you ate Bertholdt!
So don't stop me from
bringing my mom--!
Conny!
Hey!
--Conny!
--Not now!
Shit. We've gotta deal with these Titans.
There ain't any more walls left.
Not good! The fort won't hold!
The soldiers are dead?!
Yelena, get back!
Zeke made these Titans.
Huh?
Why? Is Zeke not controlling them?
They're here!
We're... doomed.
Run! Use the narrow alleys!
Kaya! Look out!
--Kaya!
--No, Mr. Braus!
Why...? Again...?
Save me, Big Sis!
Kaya!
Kaya! Get up!
Big... Sis?
"Information Available for Public Disclosure"
"Anti-Titan Rifle"
"A large-caliber, single-shot rifle developed for use against Titans. Debuting in the surprise attack of Paradis Island, it's powerful enough to bring down a Titan with a hit to its nape, but the rifle's utility is questionable. Its size, weight, and significant recoil make it a liability to the shooter."
Didn't you flee with the Warrior Unit?
Why are you here?
I came to rescue Falco.
You mean Ben?
Hey! Are you guys okay?!
Did you kill the Titan?!
Where'd you get that weapon?!
Did the girl shoot it?!
Wait... Are you that
brat invader from Marley?!
Answer him! Otherwise--!
She's not! We're just a family
that runs the stables!
Kaya...
I killed the Titan! Being a former
Marleyan prisoner, I know how to shoot!
More importantly, how about
y'all get us to a safe place?!
Save us, misters!
--Please, misters!
--Please, help us!
--You guys...
--Please, misters!
--Please, help us!
--Please! We're begging you!
--Take us somewhere safe!
Fine! We'll go around the flames.
Listen, Mia. You find Ben and run.
But till then, behave and come with us.
Okay.
Did you guys see that daydream, too?
Yeah. Are them Wall Titans
really trampling the world?
Yeah, seems that way.
Why did you protect me?
You, too. Why did you save me?
You even risked your life.
Who knows?
I tried to kill you.
I'm... a devil, right?
No... I'm the devil.
I've killed lots of people...
just to earn praise.
That's... the devil in me.
There's one in me, too.
And in Kaya. And everyone else.
The world is like this
'cuz there's a devil in all of us.
Then what should we do?
Escape the forest.
Even if we can't, we've gotta keep trying.
--Help me!
--Surma!
Surma!
I don't remember teaching you guys to
whimper and cry when you see a Titan!
Put on ODM gear!
There's some of the old design left!
If you wanna live,
get off your asses and follow me!
Commandant Shadis!
Anyone alive in there?!
Everyone, get to the top floor!
We'll hit the Titans when they gather!
Bring all the Thunder Spears you've got!
We'll handle 'em somehow!
Don't let the Titans wander off!
If you care about your former
comrades, let's lay them to rest!
Together, everyone!
Fire!
Here they come! Pull back!
This way!
Don't worry about fighting!
Lead 'em to the fort!
Commander Pyxis...
Let's go.
Mmm.
Commander... A big reason we
made it this far... is you.
May you rest in peace.
The fires have settled down.
Marley's army was basically wiped out,
and there're no more Pure Titans.
For now, we're safe.
I see.
It's about time you told us
about the daydream.
What is Eren trying to do?
You're looking at it.
I see.
Is my homeland doomed as well?
Floch! Are you okay?!
While I was nearly dying
thanks to the wall,
it looks like you took care
of the Titans, Jean.
You lived?
Yeah. Thanks for your concern.
I can't kick the bucket just yet.
Eldia's restoration is finally at hand.
Yelena, assemble the Volunteers.
You're being detained.
What?!
I'm glad you're okay, Mr. Braus.
I'm glad y'all are safe, too.
Sorry to bother you for this.
You're...! Why are you...?
Believe me, I don't want
any more trouble.
All I want is to get Falco back.
I promise we'll disappear for good!
Falco... Where is he?!
You're kidding. He took Falco
to feed to his Titan mother? Why?
Since Conny's mother was the only one
there unable to move, there she stayed.
--For four years, Conny's been
going back to visit her.
--Four years...
--For four years, Conny's been
going back to visit her.
I-I'm... sorry.
Even so, I can't give up on Falco.
Please! Can't Eren Jaeger turn
Conny's mother back to normal?!
Can't the Founder do anything?!
I don't know. But if he could,
I think he would've done so to the
soldiers Zeke made into Titans.
If you don't know,
why don't you ask him?!
Does everyone off the island really
have to die?! They shouldn't have to!
Ask him why he can't just
destroy all the military bases!
Seeing how he stripped Reiner
of his armor, I don't see why not!
Where is Reiner?
Does that even matter?!
He's too injured to move!
When did Reiner's hardening come
undone? When? At what point?
As soon as the walls collapsed.
Armin?
If Eren meant he would undo
all the hardening...
They were once friends and once enemies.
Time that stopped resumes,
changing everything.
Now, a choice must be made.
Next episode: "Sunset."
"Sunset"